So through out this complete crowdfunding course we've spoken about the research that you need to do
before you embark on your crowdfunding journey.
We've looked into the algorithm that helps you figure out how to make your project rank higher whether
it's on Kickstarter or whether it's on Indiegogo.
We've also spoken about the actual campaign how are going to go about creating the videos the description
the images the animations the goal the stretch goals and all of those aspects of your campaign and putting
it together.
We've also looked into analytics how you can analyze your data and see how to bring in more backers
and more traffic and more conversions.
We then look at traffic.
So how you can bring the eyeballs to your campaign and get people looking at it and seeing what it's
about and starting to pledge.
And finally we looked at all the things that you need to do after your campaign has ended.
I hope you've enjoyed taking this course and I hope you all the success in the world for your crowdfunding
campaign.
And if you do launch a campaign do let us know about it in the private messages so we can have a look
at it and try and congratulate you.
So that's all from me Angela at the brewery.
And I wish you the best of luck and I hope to see you on one of my other courses.